the x3 probably regarded by many as the
most mundane and boring of the x-series
BMWs I think it's probably enough unfair
comment really because the end of the
day these are very good vehicles should
not be underestimated at all if it was a
choice between the x5 will the x3
obviously the x5 will come up on top but
these vehicles of the drive different
purposes differences may be subtle but
there was a valid point though first
thing I'd like to pick up on is the side
mirrors of this vehicle they are very
large very wide and do a damn good job a
lot of cars don't have adequate wing
mirrors these are great the rearview
vision it's a very narrow window and I
personally think that if you had some
very tall people in the back of the car
you wouldn't be able to see out of the
back of the car general layout of the
vehicle on the inside is excellent
minimalistic very Elementary and simple
to operate buttons on the center console
the instrument cluster is pretty easy to
read and it's not obstructed in any way
by the steering wheel the speedo you
know they're pretty small dials but I
think they've kept them small so they
don't get lots per top of the steering
wheel
it takes all boxes on the inside
everything is nicely upholstered and it
doesn't feel too
plasticky and cheap it's well put
together very solid steering wheel
steering on this is great really doesn't
respond well not too much for wobble
with the car this is the automatic
version and it's by no means a fast car
but it does poor pull away very nicely
it doesn't have you pulling away at such
speed that your eyeballs go to the back
ear socket but it's enough there to get
you around and it's enough to overtake
on the motorway these vehicles do have
the auto cut off when you're stationary
at traffic lights etc there's nothing
wrong with these it's a good idea really
is a very good idea if you're driving
around the city or a town they will
begin to annoy you after a while not
because they're not only good but
because every time the engine switches
off your attention is on it now it's
just one more thing to get distracted by
so they're not for everybody but you
know in most cases you can disable these
anyway this is a good little vehicle you
want to check it out it's got a lot it's
got a lot of potential but it's very
well made it is not the best BMW by any
means but you're going to get a good
vehicle if you pick up one of these